nice little bounce can lose today
shoulder blades off the ground you're
low on these push-ups now they should be
getting good week five get him right
your arms gonna stay off your heels man
should be touching on the pad of your
foot stay off your heels
a skip first state all work your arm
placement now a stand single and be Toa
knee up daya will go immediately what
we've done is create an atmosphere here
where athletes can come in Excel we
tried to treat the players as they're
professionals and we do all professional
type drills what's gonna happen is
you're crossing this this beacon as soon
as you do one of these three lights up
got it laterally move hop step here
re-accelerate I want to test how quick
you can get zero to 60 off of a
playmaker you is essentially a vessel
for any young athlete or or even a lead
athlete to upgrade their current level
of play to whatever is next first of all
you can lift weights here as an athlete
you know you think of your offseason is
you gotta have weightlifting component
secondly it's got turf anything you want
to teach an athlete how to prepare the
technical aspects of their chosen sport
it's here so for an oddly your
livelihood is based on how quick and
I'll fast and how agile you are I could
go from a session of working out to
doing a little cardio upstairs to doing
some agility drills and then working out
and honing my craft we use a wood way
curve treadmill a lot of our speed work
bottom line is if you're not moving it
it's not moved it's a great tool for me
as a coach to monitor what my players
are when my athletes are doing in terms
of their output when I was growing up I
never had a facility like this or a
coach like a mouthpiece and will take
time to assist in youth start out a yard
away
leave them lane 1 if you can want to
whatever stance you come from from the
yard where you guys go from to engage
drive turn run around that cone on the
move hit and engage and drive we've got
guys that are on the provincial you 18
teams we've got you 18 volleyball
players we've got provincial team
baseball the development happens quickly
here the results tend to kind of speak
for themselves and people tend to kind
of flock to
we find unique ways to train our
athletes being that we have such a wide
range of Ages and developmental levels
for each athlete we got everybody from
pro athletes all the way down to seven
year olds you know the difference is
tangible you can see their eyes light up
when they learned something new they
really don't have a lot of facilities
like this that are you know sports
specific in basically where you get this
one on one type training with a
professional that's been there you find
a way to get them all more explosive
more agile and and more powerful in
their respective sports and that's what
it's all about stay tall work your arm
placement get him right